سيارة جيمس بوند القادمة كامري 

mry?
 The Sydney Morning Herald
 Friday November 4 2005In the next 007 film, the super agent may be driving a Toyota rather than an Aston Martin, TOBY HAGON reports.Aston Martin boss Dr Ulrich Bez has told the producers of the James Bond movie franchise he will no longer pay a product placement fee to see the world’s most famous spy drive a car from the British brand. Instead, the producers of the next Bond film are believed to be considering product placement money from … Toyota.The Bond films have provided Aston Martin with priceless exposure over the years and Bez is adamant Aston Martin is the only choice of car for the coming remake of Casino Royale and that any other brand would be a compromise.Bond returned to driving an Aston Martin (the Vanquish) in the most recent Bond flick, Die Another Day, from 2002, but that may be his last.Bez says: “We are not prepared to put cash in. But we will do everything else [supply cars and associated costs].”The outspoken executive, who has worked for such car makers as Porsche and Daewoo, even quipped that Eon Productions should be paying Aston Martin for the privilege of having Bond driving an Aston Martin.“Bond is only authentic in an Aston Martin,” he says. “Bond is the best of British and Aston Martin has the best car that is British. If I was to be a little bit arrogant, I would say they should have to pay us.”In 1964, James Bond jumped behind the wheel of an Aston Martin DB5, which was the last car Bond producers had to pay for. The starring role for the car doubled sales for the brand, albeit from 200 to 400.Bez says the British brand [now owned by US giant Ford] has the style and substance to bring unmatched credibility and publicity to the Bond franchise.He says that Bond in a Toyota Camry would do little for publicity or credibility.The dilemma for producers of the Bond films is that other car makers are prepared to pay millions to have Bond drive and, typically, destroy their automotive wares.Cash-rich Toyota is said to be prepared to pay big dollars to be in the Bond film. Fiat has also been named as a possible sponsor.Bond has never driven a Toyota, although he has been a passenger in a 2000 GT back in You Only Live Twice from 1967.BMW payed big dollars for Bond to drive a Z3 in Goldeneye, a 7 Series in Tomorrow Never Dies and a Z8 in The World Is Not Enough.Over his 43-year movie career, Bond has also driven various Bentleys (a favourite of Bond creator Ian Fleming), a Sunbeam Alpine (Dr. No), Citroen 2CV (For Your Eyes Only), Ford Mustang (Diamonds are Forever) and the famous submersible Lotus Esprit (The Spy Who Loved Me).Casino Royale, which will see Bond played by newcomer Daniel Craig, is due for release in November 2006.
