أجهزة الكمبيوتر المحمولة "إكسبريس" من إل جي 

 With the widespread use of wireless hotspots and the increase in their numbers in the UAE and the rest of the region, laptops equipped with wireless technologies have become an essential component for business and leisure enthusiasts who are highly mobile users.LG’s Express category laptops come as an ideal solution to meet the growing need for devices compatible with wireless technologies which are rapidly growing in the Middle East market. LG laptops are characterized by their slim and lightweight designs, along with the advantages of speed and superiority In performance.According to CH Lee, president of LG Electronics Gulf, the region’s governments are investing a lot of money on mobile technologies, and wireless connectivity technologies are starting to gain wide acceptance due to their low tariffs. “Studies also indicate that businessmen prefer laptop computers that provide wireless connectivity features. More than 75 percent of businessmen indicated in an opinion poll conducted by Intel in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that wirelessly connected laptop computers help to achieve Their business better. “ The LG Express models of LG laptops are the perfect choice for wireless connectivity. As these devices support all types of wireless local area networks (802.11a / b / g), they are also equipped with a dual hexagonal plaster that provides greater coverage and greater wireless connectivity. This solution is a good haven if the wireless network is weak, and it is often the same in a number of countries in the region.“The increased demand for wireless connectivity benefits in the region is parallel to the increased demand for reliability and performance benefits. With the increasing requirements of laptops users, both business and leisure, the five models come from laptops, launched by LG,” he says. In January 2005, an ideal solution that meets all requirements, whether related to graphics or security and data protection needs, without compromising the advantages of wireless connectivity and the long life of the battery.It is worth noting that the LG brand laptop production lines started operating in 2003 only. The company’s sales of these devices reached $ 25 million in the year 2004, and aims to achieve sales of up to $ 100 million this year. As LG is one of Intel’s partners, this gives it an opportunity to early use Intel technologies. All laptops in the “Express” category are powered by Intel Centrino® mobile computing technology, which was called “Sonoma” under development, and was also equipped with Intel 915 chipsets that were under development as “Alfizo”. LM 60/70 Express models combine light weight and slim design, in addition to a 14.1 / 15 inch display. They offer unrivaled multimedia quality, instant multimedia playback without the need to start an operating system, and a “DVD Super Multi Drive” drive that supports all types of existing DVDs. The LS 70 is an ideal desktop alternative for those looking for the benefits of digital entertainment in laptops.“Users are realizing that the lightweight and slender design, in addition to the benefits of wireless connectivity and long-lasting battery life, has become an important and necessary issue,” Lee concludes. According to Gartner Research, the number of laptops sold in global markets will increase by 16 percent. Cent to reach 54.5 million units in the year 2005. “LG laptops are equipped with Intel Mobile 915 chipsets and run on Intel M processors, which in turn comes equipped with a 533 MHz front carrier, while the accompanying chip can deal with “-DDR2 Double Data Rate 2” memory up to 2 GB and provides Support for “PCI Express” data transfer options through “ExpressCard” card. These devices also include a host of other advanced features and features, including wide screens with dimensions ranging from 14.1 to 17.1 inches, which are available in WXGA, WSXGA and WUXGA, dual-band antenna, and a keyboard design. Unique, wired and wireless network management tools that eliminate the need to store Internet protocols. This is in addition to a cable scanning tool by default, a touch screen display of various functions, a media control interface and four “USB 2.0” ports.The devices also include “S-Video”, “FireWire”, “VGA”, “10/100 Ethernet” connections and modems, as well as a “Super Multi DVD” dual-layer multi-format burner. These devices provide a pure sound thanks to the equipment equipped with Dolby Digital and 5.1 surround sound system.